Okay welcome back.
We're going to give this shot.
So first off let's go and do the menu instance bit.
So the basically the best practice I was hinting at is that we should be using setter's rather than
just setting a menu interface pointer generally good idea.
So let's go over to the head a file create ourselves a public method.
So first create a public section.
And in there I'm going to have a void method called set menu interface which takes a menu interface
pointer.
Called menu interface or yes many interface would do just fine.
And I'm going to go over to my C++ to implement this.
So let's copy that signature go into the C++ do after initialize I think is the best place to do this
go implement with you main menu namespace.
Put curly brackets in place and it's going to be very simple.
It's going to be this arrow menu interface equals menu interface.
Now the reason I used this arrow instead of just using me and the interface as you might be able to
guess is that the name many interface in this method is ambiguous.
You cant tell whether its the property of the class or whether it is the thing being passed in.
So just to disambiguate.
I use this arrow of many interface to set the internal representation of many interface.
Now this means hopefully means that if I go in to my game instance dot C++ which should be here somewhere
I dont think Ive got it open so I'm going to have to go and open up our puzzle platform game instance
C++ and what we should be able to do in here.
We are creating an instance of a user widget at the moment but we know better.
We know that its not just a you use a widget not any old you use a widget.
It is in fact a main menu.
So what we can do is we can go ahead and include.
In this case we are going to be including something local so it's going to include menu system.
Forward slash.
And then it is going to be the main menu.
Dot H.
And that means we can use when creating our widget we can use the class you main menu.
And we can use that for the pointer as well obviously implements everything.
But the main menu does.
And then when we've finished setting up and adding to the viewport and everything then showing the cursor
then we can say to that menu go to menu arrow and do a set.
Menu interface.
And what do we set it to where we just set it to ourselves to this.
The current game instance and that should do the trick because our game is this does implement the eye
menu interface.
Now at the moment it hasn't quite caught up for some reason compellation I don't know but if we go ahead
and compile it should tell us whether this is working okay or whether it's not.
Well it compiles successfully so that tells me that it is working.
Let's go over into the unreel editor and see whether we can actually use this to host.
So let's go ahead and play this level.
And sure enough it has failed with a nice crash always a good sign.
Now I think that was just a freak event so I'm going to go ahead and launch the editor again and launch
again.
And here we've got our main menu working just fine.
So I think it was just a one off because we changed so much about the game instance.
Now let's go ahead and click host.
And sure enough we are hosting in our very own game very happy that that's worked.
I can't play my game yet we're going to be figuring out why that is.
At a later date.
But for now it is definitely doing something with our button.
So there's one list last little bit of the challenge which is what happens if the interface isn't fully
implemented.
Well the way I'm going to go ahead and test this is by going to our menu interface dot H and adding
in a new function that I know doesn't exist so it's just going to be called Virtual void foobar.
And it's going to be equal to zero.
And I'm going to go ahead save that and build.
Now we don't have a foobar method on our game instance.
So I would expect this not to work because it no longer conforms to the interface and it would be an
error if it managed to compile because then at run time when our main menu potentially calls foobar
on game instance then indeed everything will be Foobar and everything will go up in flames because that
method doesn't actually exist.
But fortunately our compiler does catch it so if we go to our output logs you can see the kind of error
that you will be getting.
You can see that it's saying on our first error line that you puzzle platforms game instance cannot
instantiate abstract class due to following members and then it says void you interface foo but void
is abstract.
Indeed it is.
It is not implemented it is pure virtual It is abstract.
These are all synonyms for each other and so our solution is to remove foobar.
But your other solution would be to actually implement foobar in the game instance and that compile
error gives you the heads up that you haven't fully implemented your interface.
Congratulations I think we fully grokked interfaces at this stage and in the next lecture we will be
seeing a little bit more about the menu system and how to get all that working fully once we started
hosting games.